you could be more efficient. How you work as a leader first by a delegation
on being clear about what you want from your subordinates. You
have to understand that you can't do everything as a leader you want
to be, and sometimes you feel like you need to be. But you can't do
it. It's impossible. So that means that you have to use the resource
is that is the people that you have working for you to get the job
done. Tell them what you want. Tell them what you expect the output
to be. Not not. No way that doctors the output just like here. This
is what I want is what I want you to look at, Uh, and tell them a
timeframe. If you don't tell him a time frame, they won't give you.
Give it to you when you want it. That's just a fact. Be very specific
about you when you want it. There are no doubt many other ways to
be more efficient now in your working environment. But realizing that
you can't do everything after you realize that delegating and being
clear about what you want our to our three ways that you can make
your life better